>> Stephen: GOOD TO SEE YOU
AGAIN.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HAVING
ME.
>> Stephen: ALWAYS A PLEASURE
TO SEE YOU HERE AND ON
TELEVISION.
>> JUST ANYWHERE, LIVING.
>> Stephen: CONGRATULATIONS ON
"THE DAILY SHOW."
YOU HAVE REALLY MADE THAT SHOW
YOUR OWN.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Stephen: YOU DO INCREDIBLE
WORK OVER THERE.
THAT'S NOT EASY.
CONGRATULATIONS ON THIS TIE.
>> DO YOU LIKE IT?
>> Stephen: IT HAS SPARKLES.
>> I TRY TO GO WITH SOMETHING
DIFFERENT.
>> Stephen: IT HAS FLAVOR
CRYSTALS.
>> I LIKE THAT.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A DRUG.
THAT'S WHAT IT SOUNDS LIKE, "YOU
WANT THE FLAIMP CRYSTALS, MAN?"
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> Stephen: SO HOW ARE YOU?
AFTER SIX YEARS LIVING IN THE
UNITED STATES, RIGHT?
>> OH, WOW, YEAH, RIGHT.
>> Stephen: SIX YEARS LIVING
IN THE UNITED STATES, THREE
YEARS-- TWO YEARS-- HOW MANY
YEARS HOSTING "THE DAILY SHOW"?
>> THREE YEARS NOW AT THE "THE
DAILY SHOW."
( APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: SO HOW DO YOU--
DOWNED AMERICA BETTER NOW?
BECAUSE I HAVE LIVED HERE FOR 54
YEARS AND I FEEL LIKE I'M
UNDERSTANDING IT A LITTLE LESS
EVERY DAY.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT I REALIZE IS I
REALIZE NOT UNDERSTANDING
AMERICA RIGHT NOW IS
UNDERSTANDING AMERICA RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S BASICALLY HOW IT WORKS.
>> Stephen: OH, CONFUSION.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> Stephen: THAT IS THE SIEWB
DURKS JOUR.
>> YOU BASICALLY GO, "I DON'T
UNDERSTAND ALL OF IT," WHICH IS
THE RIGHT WAY OF SEEING IT RIGHT
NOW.
THE CONVERSATIONS PEOPLE ARE
HAVING, THE ARGUMENTS PEOPLE ARE
HAVING RIGHT NOW.
PEOPLE ARE ARGUING OVER KIDS
BEING SEPARATED.
YOU WOULD THINK, THE KID, WE
DON'T SEPARATE.
BUT THIS IS A CONTENTIOUS ISSUE.
>> Stephen: ONLY ABOUT 70% OF
PEOPLE THOUGHT IT WAS A BAD
IDEA.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: THERE WERE 30%
THAT WERE LIKE, "LOCK THEM UP
BETTER.
OF THE.
>> SMALLER.
>> Stephen: KIDS WITH SMALL.
THEY CAN GET RIGHT THROUGH THE
CHAIN.
>> SO I DON'T THINK I UNDERSTAND
IT MORE.
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
LIKE I SAY, WHEN YOU COME FROM
AN AFRICAN NATION, IF YOU COME
FROM, YOU KNOW, A DEVELOPING
NATION, LEADERS LIKE TRUMP ARE
TOO FAMILIAR.
SO YOU GO LIKE, "YEAH, IT'S THAT
WITH THE VERNEAR OF THE WHITE
HOUSE."
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU MEAN
"TOO FAMILIAR?"
>>UN, THE POLICY, EXTREME
RHETORIC, NOT HAVING A FIRM
GRASP OF ENGLISH.
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT WE'RE
FAMILIAR WITH SO, YOU KNOW,...
>> Stephen: BUT THE TRAPPINGS
OF OFFICE KIND OF FOOL US A
LITTLE BIT.
WHAT IS YOUR THOUGHT-- LIKE,
APARTHEID WAS ONE OF THE MOST
REPRESSIVE REGIMES.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: OF THE 20th
CENTURY.
WHAT'S YOUR THOUGHT ON KIDS IN
CAGES?
WAS THAT THE SORT OF THING-- WAS
THAT DONE?
WERE PEOPLE SEPARATED--
>> KIDS WERE SEPARATED.
BUT THE KIDS IN CAGES THING IS A
COMPLETELY NEW IDEA FOR MYSELF
AS WELL, AS A HUMAN BEING.
MY MOM ACTUALLY SAID TO ME WITH
THE KIDS IN THE CAGES IN THE
STORIES.
MY MOM WAS LIKE, "SEE, THAT'S
WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED TO
YOU."
I SAID WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT?"
MY PARENTS REMIND ME, MY MOM AND
GRANDMOTHER, BECAUSE PEOPLE OF
RACES WEREN'T ALLOWED TO BE
MIXED.
MY MOTHER IS A BLACK WOMAN, MY
FATHER WAS WHITE.
IF WE WERE CAUGHT TOGETHER, I
WOULD HAVE BEEN TAKEN AWAY FROM
MY MOM.
I DIDN'T KNOW THIS GROWING UP.
WHEN THAT STORY CAME OUT SHE
SAID, "SEE, THAT COULD HAVE BEEN
YOU.
THAT COULD HAVE BEEN YOU."
LIKE "WHY YARE YOU TELLING ME
NOW."
IT'S LIKE THREATENING POST.
I'M JUST SAYING THAT COULD HAVE
BEEN YOU.
>> Stephen: WHAT WOULD HAVE
BEEN THE LOGIC OF TAKING YOU
AWAY FROM YOUR PARENTS?
EVEN THE REPRESSIVE REGIMES SAY
THIS IS THE REASON WE'RE DOING
IT.
>> THE LOGIC IS IF YOU BUILD THE
COUNTRY AROUND THE NOTION THAT
PEOPLE OF COLOR CANNOT MIX, WHEN
THEY MAKE A MIXED THING THAT
DISPROVES YOUR POINT SO YOU NEED
REMOVE THE THING THAT PROVES
YOUR POINT SO THEY CAN CARRY ON
LIVING IN THEIR FICTITIOUS
WORLD.
>> Stephen: IT SEEMS REMOVING
YOU FROM YOUR PARENTS WOULD NOT
BE ENOUGH.
THEY WOULD JUST NEED TO REMOVE
FRUPUBLIC VIEW.
>> THEY WOULD TAKE YOU AND GIVE
YOU TO SOMEBODY WHO LOOKS LIKE
YOU.
>> Stephen: SO YOU'RE NOT THE
PRODUCT OF A MIXED MARRIAGE.
>> THEY GIVE YOU TO SOMEBODY WHO
LOOKS LIKE YOU.
IT WORKS.
IF YOU'RE CRAZY, IT WORKS.
IT REALLY DOES.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU DO TO
KEEP YOUR SOUL FROM GETTING A
THICK CALLOUS ON IT?
>> WOW.
>> Stephen: BECAUSE EVERY DAY
ONE OF THE THINGS IS-- ONE OF
THE GREAT-- ONE OF THE SORT OF
RESPONSIBILITIES BUT REALLY THE
PRIVILEGE OF A JOB LIKE THIS--
OR LIKE WHAT YOU DO-- IS EVERY
NIGHT-- EVERYONE HAS A REACTION
TO THE NEWS OR WHAT'S HAPPENING
WHAT THE NATIONAL CONVERSATION
IS.
YOU HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO TALK
ABOUT TGET YOUR FEELINGS OUT
ABOUT IT.
BUT YOU ALSO HAVE FEELINGS ABOUT
THIS.
CERTAINLY, THIS WEEK, IT WAS
DIFFICULT FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE--
>> YES.
>> Stephen: TO PROPERLY
COMPRESS THEIR FEELINGS BECAUSE
THE FIRST FEELING IS GRIEF.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: OFTEN FOR THE
PEOPLE WHO ARE DEFENDING IT
BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO
ACTUALLY BELIEVE THAT THE PEOPLE
THAT YOU KNOW WOULD BE IN FAVOR
OF SOMETHING YOU FIND SO
HIDEOUS.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT.
I THINK WHAT I TRY AND DO IS I
SPEND MOST OF MY DAY SCREAMING,
AND THEN OVER TIME, I GET TIRED,
AND THEN WHEN I'M TIRED I START
THINKING OF THE JOKES.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
>> REALLY, YOU START THE DAY AND
YOU G, I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
AND I'M ANGRY AND THE
CHILDRENMENT.
AND I GET TO WORK AND MORE
PEOPLE ARE ANGRY AND WE'RE IN
THE WRITERS' ROOM AND WE DO IT
TOGETHER-- AAARRRGGGGHHH!
AND THEN WE STOP.
AND THEN WE'RE LOOK HOW DO WE
MAKE THE AUDIENCE NOT HAVE THE
FEELING WE JUST HAD.
>> Stephen: YOU TAKE THAT AND
TURN IT INTO A JOKE.
>> RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I LOVE ABOUT
COMEDYSITIS WAY FOR US TO NUMB
THE PAIN, TO PROCESS WHAT WE'RE
GOING THROUGH WITHOUT FEELING
EVERY SINGLE, YOU KNOW, INKLING
OF IT.
>> Stephen: I HAVE ANOTHER WAY
TO NUMB THE PAIN.
I HAVE THIS DRINKING GAME I
PLAY, OKAY.
WHEN I WATCH THE NEWS I HAVE A
DRINKING GAME.
I TURN ON THE NEWS AND I DRINK.
>> I LIKE THAT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: I ALWAYS WIN.
I'VE NEVER LOST.
UNDEFEATED.
WHAT DO YOU-- WHAT DO YOU AS
SOMEBODY WHO DID NOT GROW UP
HERE BUT CERTAINLY PAYS
ATTENTION TO THE POLITICS OF
AMERICA WHAT, DO YOU MAKE OF OUR
TWO-PARTY SYSTEMS?
>> I CAN BE HONEST WITH YOU?
I THINK THAT'S ONE OF THE MOST
DESTRUCTIVE FORCES IN AMERICA
RIGHT NOW.
( APPLAUSE )
I'M SHOCKED.
WE DAY PIECE ON THE SHOW, RYE
WOOD JR. WENT OUT TO MONTANA TO
COVER A MAYOR IN MONTANA WHO IS
A REFUGEE AND LIVED IN AMERICA
AND HE WON OVER PEOPLE WHO VOTE
FOR TRUMP.
AND EVERYONE WAS LIKE, "HOW DO
YOU DO IT?"
AND WE REALIZED IN MONTANA THE
MAYORAL RACE ISN'T RUN ALONG
PARTY LINES SO PEOPLE JUST
CAMPAIGN ON IDEAS.
WHAT YOU REMOVE THE BLUE AND
RED, YOU WILL BE SURPRISED WHO
PEOPLE CHOOSE.
WHEN YOU GO BACK TO THE ELECTION
PEOPLE SAY, "I DON'T LIKE
DONALD, BUT THAT'S MY ONLY
CHOICE.
WHAT CHOICE DO I HAVE?"
IT'S WEIRD TO ME THAT AMERICA IS
A COUNTRY WHERE YOU HAVE 16
CEREALS AND TWO POLITICAL
PARTIES.
YOU SHOULD HAVE MORE PARTIES.
>> Stephen: IT'S LIKE CHOOSING
TEAMS.
>> IT'S COMPLETELY TEAMS.
>> Stephen: AND PEOPLE VOTE
AGAINST THEIR SELF-INTEREST.
>> THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT IT IS.
>> Stephen: YOU WERE ALSO
INVOLVED IN A LOW LEVEL IN
AFRICAN POLITICS RECENTLY
BECAUSE YOU WERE IN "BLACK
PANTHER."
>> I WAS INVOLVED IN A HIGH
LEVEL, I THINK --
>> Stephen: REALLY?
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: PEOPLE DIDN'T KNOW
THIS AT FIRST.
THERE WAS AN UNCRED TED
APPEARANCE IN "BLACK PANTHER."
>> I DON'T LIKE TO BRAG ABOUT
THIS, BUT I WAS IN "BLACK
PANTHER," THE SMASH HIT --
>> Stephen: THE NUMBER ONE
MOVIE.
>> YEAH.
AND WHAT HAPPENED WAS, RYAN
CRIEWGLER APPROACHED ME AND SAID
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE THE SAROF
THE MOVIE.
AND I SAID, "NO, I HAVE THE
DAILY SHOW.
AND HE SAID DO YOU WANT TO DO
WHAT MICHAEL JORDAN DOES.
AND HE GOES I'LL BE THE VOICE OF
THE COMPUTER IN THE BACKGROUND--
EVERYONE SPACESHIP YOU SEE IS
ME.
PEOPLE DON'T NOTICE --
>> Stephen: THIS IS ACTUALLY
TRUE.
IT WAS A WHILE BEFORE THE MOVIE
WAS OUT BEFORE PEOPLE WENT,
"THAT WAS TREVOR NOAH."
I FOUND THIS OUT TODAY-- I'VE
SEEN THE MOVIE TWICE-- PLAY
THIS, WE'LL SEE THE CLIP, AND
YOU'LL HEAR HIS VOICE.
>> WE'RE UNDER ATTACK.
>> WHERE?
>> DEACTIVATE THE HOLOGRAM.
>> YOU HAVE TO GET OUT OF THERE
NOW!
>> HOW LONG HAVE I GOT?
>> LAST INTEGRITY IS AT 50%.
>> PUT ME BACK IN.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
NOW, NOW, YOU SEE, A LOT OF
PEOPLE THINK THAT I JUST DID THE
LINES THERE.
BUT I'M EVERYTHING.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: OH, YOU'RE
ACTUALLY IN ONE OF THOSE MOTION
CAPTURE SUITS?
>> I'M THE SHIP AS WELL.
THEY GOT ME IN TO PLAY THE SHIP.
>> Stephen: WELL, YOU ALSO
HAVE A BOOK NOW.
IT'S COMING OUT END OF JULY?
>> I DON'T THINK THIS IS MY
BOOK.
I THINK THIS IS US EXPRESSING
OUR GRATITUDE FOR THE
PRESIDENT'S AMAZING TWEETS,
STEPHEN.
IT'S CALLED--
>> DON'T GIVE US THE CREDIT.
>> Stephen: IT'S CALLED "THE
DONALD J. TRUMP TWITTER
LIBRARY."
AND TELL THE PEOPLE WHAT IT'S
BASED ON
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ).
>> SO... SO, YOU KNOW, I HAVE
ALWAYS BELIEVED THAT ONE OF THE
GREATEST GIFTS DONALD TRUMP HAS
GIVEN TO US HAS BEEN HIS-- HIS
SERIES OF TWEETS.
IT HAS GIVEN US INSIGHT INTO THE
MAN.
IT HAS ENABLED TO US FULLY
UNDERSTAND WHAT WE ARE DEALING
WITH EVERY SINGLE DAY.
AND-- AND WHAT WE'VE PROVIDED IN
THIS BOOK IS CONTEXT, YOU KNOW,
BECAUSE, UNFORTUNATELY,
CHARACTERS ARE LIMITED, AND
SOMETIMES PEOPLE ARE LIKE, "WHAT
DOES HE MEAN?"
WELL, WE EXPLAIN WHAT HE MEANS.
( LAUGHTER )
WE EXPLAIN WHAT HE MEANS, WHO HE
IS.
WE BREAK DOWN THE MAN.
BECAUSE YOU CAN LEARN EVERYTHING
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP THROUGH--
THIS IS HIS 23ANDME,
ESSENTIALLY.
FORGET HIS D.N.A.
YOU GO THROUGH HIS TWEETS YOU
KNOW WHAT FOOD HE LIKES, WHAT TV
ME WATCHES, WHAT CELEBRITIES HE
HATES.
UN EVERYTHING ABOUT DONALD
TRUMP.
WE SPENT MONTHS GOING THROUGH
EVERY TWEET AND CATEGORIZING IT
AND GIVING INSIGHT INTO THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
>> Stephen: WHAT I ADMIRE
ABOUT THIS IS YOU DIDN'T WRITE
THIS.
HE DID.
AND YET YOU'LL MAKE THE MONEY
OFF THE BOOK.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THAT, MY FRIEND, THAT, IS THE
ART OF THE DEAL.
TREVOR--
>> I FEEL LIKE HE WOULD BE
PROUD.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Stephen: "THE DONALD J. TRUMP
PRESIDENTIAL TWITTER LIBRARY"
BOOK IS OUT JULY 31.
TREVOR NOAH, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH
NICKELODEON'S NEWEST STAR LIZA
KOSHY.